you to get to be on time to show you how
to get down from the rocket burns
joining me but I understand if you watch
my videos and stuff on YouTube rising
while some areas for Danny returns got
spat so but they're also another way to
get down got packed so you gonna go to
like their seaside what is anyway is
down there and I'm gonna show you right
after speak you know you got it fresh
somebody's gonna run on you controller
and you just go over there any picture
you see on my legs falling that's when
you just do nothing you just do nothing
if you see your legs start farming you
just let it go and you'll start to
levitate down like I just thought that
was so cool but only one person could do
this at a time so if somebody else doing
it it's not good for you just gonna die
all day no oh no no whoo all right yeah
that's how you do that's all I know okay
good no keep going straight down
what no don't get up your Nance urgent
what yeah but I wonder do you want to
talk with I know years hey why is this
guy up there helping me dang sure he did
all right hurry up come on guys that is
the best way to get down actually I
think that's the only way I mean there
might be more ways that y'all could try
to figure out but that's the best way I
can think of and it's super easy it
might be slow but it's easy
thank God I was so funny no shut up
why'd you change the surgeon you look
good that problem that one probably got
shot up
I don't know in my little one let's are
you we're gonna wet anyway cuz the dirty
may live there did ya come from cheated
yeah I actually I'm just stay on top of
that chain cuz he might want to get up
and on my sheet oh I don't care if he
takes my part i'ma just get on top of
the Train wait till it goes
if he's dumb enough to get down then we
go in double time but we are oh we might
have lost no we one could that they're
his teammate left get out your car no I
don't gotta MOC okay ah no mo
you don't ya do
I didn't he'd flick them off like this
wind monkey so I'm looking him up how do
you do it
what do you mean uh duh shut up
alright hold the DPI down okay now go to
actions and put finger
which one is it the bird all the way the
better but there's a different way like
back out now I know
double chops the two joysticks
oh you have the bro thing on yeah
he might take I'm out of ammo I love it
that was you like I know the first time
it does that and then it did oh wait I
think you got a double touch yeah she
doesn't that's funny that's really fun
now I would just waste all my bullets
cuz I know we're gonna win anyways is he
trying to get up yeah not gonna make it
winners we have an advantage because if
you don't kill him then they can win
because there's two of us your meaning
just let me kicked out of the mission
cuz they're not enough players I really
wanted that 30,000 oh yeah what do you
hope you like and subscribe to my
channel also my gamertag's do go hard
Texas and I play on ps4 hope do you like
this video